Update MongoDB install instructions (#1241)
MicrosoftDocs/WSL: WSL/tutorials/wsl-database.md

5. Reload local package database: `sudo apt-get update`
6. Install MongoDB packages: `sudo apt-get install -y mongodb-org`
7. Confirm installation and get the version number: `mongod --version`
8. Go to your home directory: `cd / && cd home`
9. Make a directory to store data: `mkdir -p data/db`
10. Run a Mongo instance: `sudo mongod --dbpath ~/data/db`
11. Check to see that your MongoDB instance is running with: `ps -e | grep 'mongod'`
12. To exit the MongoDB Shell, use the shortcut keys: Ctrl + C

> [!TIP]
> Installing MongoDB may require slightly different steps depending on the Linux distribution being used for installation. See the [MongoDB installation tutorials](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/#mongodb-installation-tutorials). Also note that MongoDB installation may differ depending on the version # that you are aiming to install. Use the version drop-down list in the top-left corner of the MongoDB documentation to select the version that aligns with your goal.

There are 3 commands you need to know once MongoDB is installed:

> - `sudo service mongodb status` for checking the status of your database.

Reviewer: These commands will error out in WSL. I don't think we should include them.

Reviewer: The edits I made to warning below explain why and offer a way for users to get set up.

- `sudo service mongodb start`  to start running your database.
- `sudo service mongodb stop` to stop running your database.

> [!WARNING]

> > MongoDB uses the operating system's built-in init system. You might see the command `sudo systemctl status mongodb` used in tutorials or articles. In order to remain lightweight, WSL does not include `systemd` (a service management system in Linux). Instead, it uses SysVinit to start services on your machine. You shouldn't notice a difference, but if a tutorial recommends using `sudo systemctl`, instead use: `sudo /etc/init.d/`. For example, `sudo systemctl status mongodb`, for WSL would be `sudo /etc/inid.d/mongodb status` ...or you can also use `sudo service mongodb status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the example above we started MongoDB directly. Other tutorials start MongoDB using the operating system's built-in init system. You might see the command `sudo systemctl status mongodb` used in tutorials or articles. Currently WSL does not have support for `systemd` (a service management system in Linux). You shouldn't notice a difference, but if a tutorial recommends using `sudo systemctl`, instead use: `sudo /etc/init.d/`. For example, `sudo systemctl status docker`, for WSL would be `sudo /etc/inid.d/docker status` ...or you can also use `sudo service docker status`. The installation instructions above install a version of MongoDB that doesn't include a script automatically in `/etc/init.d/` but you can download the init.d script for mongodb [from this source](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo/blob/master/debian/init.d), place that manually as a file at this path: `/etc/init.d/mongodb` and then you can start Mongo as a service using `sudo service mongodb start`.
```
